---
layout: post
title: "Hvar 2013"
date: "2013-09-03 00:00:00 +0900"
categories: photo
camera: "Ricoh GR"
location : "Hvar Island, Croatia"
top: "IMG_2947.jpg"
---

{% include img.html name="IMG_2947.jpg" %}

### Foodstuffs

I arrived at Hvar island late afternoon. The owner of guest house came to the port with her husband and their baby girl to pick me up.

{% include img.html name="IMG_2735.jpg" %}

{% include img.html name="IMG_2736.jpg" %}

They already had 3 more people and as soon as I arrived, they served us a dinner. All fish, cheese and vegetables are produced in this island.

{% include img.html name="IMG_2738.jpg" %}

And of course this olive oil. The owner's husband is a olive oil farmer and was awarded the best olive oil contest in Criatia.

{% include img.html name="IMG_2746.jpg" %}

{% include img.html name="IMG_2750.jpg" %}

On the next morning we had the best breakfast ever - Tomato, egg, bread, ham, cheese, honey and coffee. And this plum. I want to visit this guest house just for this breakfast!

### Island Tour

{% include img.html name="IMG_2758.jpg" %}

She's the baby girl, Luci. 1 year and half. She's interested in my glasses. Looks good!

{% include img.html name="IMG_2781.jpg" %}

{% include img.html name="IMG_2829.jpg" %}

Hvar is a very good village. Peaceful and warm.

{% include img.html name="IMG_2832.jpg" %}

This is a special view from the top of the mountain. Only local people can drive up here.

{% include img.html name="IMG_2858.jpg" %}

{% include img.html name="IMG_2907.jpg" %}

Guided tour of Hvar. Paulo took us to his parents house and his mother served lunch for us.

{% include img.html name="IMG_2909.jpg" %}

{% include img.html name="IMG_2919.jpg" %}

There's a small beach near our guest house.

{% include img.html name="IMG_2931.jpg" %}

### Ancient Church In A Cave

{% include img.html name="IMG_2947.jpg" %}

We climbed a mountain behind the village to visit ancient church in a cave.

{% include img.html name="IMG_2956.jpg" %}

{% include img.html name="IMG_2976.jpg" %}

{% include img.html name="IMG_2990.jpg" %}

Can you see a hole in the center of this photo? That's the cave.

{% include img.html name="IMG_3010.jpg" %}

I stayed Hvar for 3 days. Next destination: [Köln, Germany](/photo/2013/09/kolner-dom-2013/).

