---
layout: post
title: "Miyajima 2015"
date: "2015-12-31 00:00:00 +0900"
category: photo
camera: "Fuji X100T"
location: "Hiroshima, Japan"
top: "DSCF3935.jpg"
---

## Itsukushima Shrine

{% include img.html name="DSCF3917.jpg" %}

This is going to be the first post with this camera, Fuji X100T. At the very end of 2015, I visited Itsukushima-Shrine, Miyajima, Hiroshima pref.

{% include img.html name="DSCF3933.jpg" %}
{% include img.html name="DSCF3973.jpg" %}
{% include img.html name="DSCF3935.jpg" %}

The shrine is famous for it being built on the sea. But it's not floating, it's build on the shallow water of the bay of the island. When tide is low, people can reach to the Torii (The gate) by walk.

{% include img.html name="DSCF3960.jpg" %}

A view of Senjo Kaku (千畳閣). This is another shrine build on top of the hill.

{% include img.html name="DSCF3969.jpg" %}

## Festival

{% include img.html name="DSCF3982.jpg" %}
{% include img.html name="DSCF4012.jpg" %}
{% include img.html name="DSCF4035.jpg" %}

On every year Dec 31st, Chinka-sai (Fire Prevention Festival) takes place, and I was luckily there. A Shinto priest brings a small sacred torch and gave fire to large ones. Large torches belong to each group of local people, and there are more than 20 groups running back and forth on the street with the large torch.

## Hiroshima

{% include img.html name="DSCF4091.jpg" %}
{% include img.html name="DSCF4094.jpg" %}

After the short trip to Miyajima, I had chance to visit Memorial Cathedral for World Peace in Hiroshima city. It was build by Togo Murano in 1954 for the memorial of world peace.

{% include img.html name="DSCF4102.jpg" %}

